# packages in environment at C:\Users\irank\anaconda3\envs\tf_model:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
# absl-py                   1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
# astunparse                1.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
ca-certificates           2021.10.26           haa95532_2  
cachetools                4.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2021.10.8        py38haa95532_0  
charset-normalizer        2.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
cloudinary                1.28.0                   pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
dnspython                 2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
flask                     2.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-cors                3.0.10                   pypi_0    pypi
flatbuffers               2.0                      pypi_0    pypi
gast                      0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-auth               2.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
google-pasta              0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.43.0                   pypi_0    pypi
gunicorn                  20.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h5py                      3.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.3                      pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        4.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
itsdangerous              2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
keras                     2.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
keras-preprocessing       1.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
libclang                  12.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
markdown                  3.3.6                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
oauthlib                  3.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python             4.5.5.62                 pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   1.1.1l               h2bbff1b_0  
opt-einsum                3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    9.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pip                       21.2.2           py38haa95532_0  
protobuf                  3.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.4.8                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.2.8                    pypi_0    pypi
pymongo                   4.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.8.12               h6244533_0  
requests                  2.26.0                   pypi_0    pypi
requests-oauthlib         1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.8                      pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                58.0.4           py38haa95532_0  
six                       1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.37.0               h2bbff1b_0  
tensorboard               2.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-data-server   0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow                2.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-estimator      2.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem 0.23.1                   pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   1.26.7                   pypi_0    pypi
vc                        14.2                 h21ff451_1  
vs2015_runtime            14.27.29016          h5e58377_2  
werkzeug                  2.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.37.0             pyhd3eb1b0_1  
wincertstore              0.2              py38haa95532_2  
wrapt                     1.13.3                   pypi_0    pypi
zipp                      3.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
